0% defect in the deliverable- Rating 1.
I made sure that the task assigned to me met the expectations of the ADM Practice(Client). The Codes that I delivered were free of any defects or errors and I also made sure that the work was done on time.

100% conformance- Rating 2.
All the coding standards were followed properly by me.

100% of delivery on time- Rating 2.
All the deliverable were delivered on time.


**spelling of available

70% of total avaiable time- Rating 3.
I am working on an Internal Project. So I'm not Billable.


**should be I instead of We

>75% of time in authorized training by L&C- Rating2
Although we were on bench, we utilized our bench time by working on an Internal project with ADM pratice and also by attending External and Internal training and seminars.

100% conformance- Rating 3.
I always filled my Time sheet entry in the First week of the month.

>30 calendar days notice- Rating 2.
I informed my supervisor and applied on LMS, one month prior to the date on which I planned to take a leave and never took any unplanned leave.

On completion of deliverable- Rating 2.
All the project related documentations were done simultaneously.
I also documented the learning during the IBM Developer connect.

Competency baseline score improved by 20%- Rating 1.
Following self assessment were done:
1. Agile assessment.
2 Blockchain assessment.
3. Mainframe assessment.

>1 program in a year- Rating 2.
I have attended the following trainings/conferences:
External trainings/conferences:
 1. IBM Developer Connect which included Bluemix Runtime  and DevOps, IBM Bluemix OpenWhisk, DashDB and Cloudant, Bluemix Watson, Blockchain.
2. IDz/RDz Training Sessions.
Internal trainings/conferences:
1. Agile Professional Training.
2. Blockchain.
3. Keynote Session and Partner speak by IBM.

1 company authorized - Rating 3.
1. Mainframe - JCL, COBOL, CICS, DB2, Vsam, Rexx, Clist.
2. DB2 Fundamental Certification.
3. IBM RDz/IDz. 
4. Zos Connect EE.
5.Remote System Explorer.
6. IBM's API editor.

Once a quarter- Rating 2.
I always keep my resume and profile data updated as per company standards.

2 approved digital assets submitted to practice KM portal / TCP or Account Reusable Asset Register(RAR)/Contribution to Teamx - Rating 2

Following are the contributions made by me from the practice stand point:

1. Worked on the IBM tool - Z/os Connect Enterprise Edition & API Editor for the Internal POC.
2. Hands-On on IBM tools Rdz/Idz.

I also went through the following External trainings which would prove beneficial for the Internal POC I am a part of:

1. IBM Developer Connect.
2. Received training on IBM tools Rdz/Idz.


page 3

I have used the required skill set and knowledge for the task on which I worked on. I am ready to work on emerging technologies which are beneficial for my organisation. I am eager to gain more knowledge and enhance my skill set. I want to learn more and understand new technologies that can be helpful for my team and my career.


I want to gain further knowledge in my domain and acquire skill sets which will help me in my career and growth in organization. I want to gain expertise in my field.
I also aspire to work with automation tools and on database tools and languages.

 I look forward to onsite opportunities.

Page 4:

I like to work in a challenging environment. I give my 100% to my work and try to keep it free of defects and do it timely. I am looking forward to work on new technologies which will be beneficial for my team and organization. I want to prove my capabilities and contribute to the organization's growth.

